What were we talking about? I know that, I know that.
Yeah, w- why are you making me yap?
I'm just talking about the characters. Oh, I Roblox.
I don't think you wanna know. Huh?
Mmmm..Right now my favorite game is grappling hook.
Hahaha
It's those parkour games where you use a grappling hook.
Expedi- Expedition to Antarctica is great, guys.
Some- Did you like Boga Boga?
never heard of it.
Uhhhhmm.... Hahahaha
Oh..Those zombie shooting games on Roblox, they're kind of fun.
I don't know any of the names
I think like every other zombie shooting game.
Ahmmmmm..
Okay, fair enough.
Mmmm..
I don't know.
Oh, I love Dobby's when I first started my lik- like Roblox.I know .oh really?
Hahaha..
Ooh, run is good.
See,from my one four mic laptop.
Idon't know There's a weird glitch so I can't move the camera so I'm like
facing straight all the time and I have to manually like press like
Like- like arrow keys
Just to turn I can't move my face I'm moving the body
No, I turned everything- I restarted the game.
It's only that game. It's only run for.
It's only run for so that's why
I found copycats of Run Forrest.
(***)It's so sad,guys
I know, mine is broken for some reason and I'm so sad.
Yeah
(***)
Oh ,cause they all respawn .Have any of you guys played minion run?
Boooo..
That's (***)
i'm (***)
I've seen people put like, that's a good alternative chapter.
I have played cheat games of it like on roblox. Have you guys played Intruder?
Intruder, on Roblox. It's a horror game.
Hahaha.. What's that?
Rob- Rob-
Cause Roblox story like YouTube video games
Wait ,I think I think I know  you're talking about.
There's so many story games that they all, like, melt together.
Hahaha...... and they're all about like going after some organization
Yeah. It's (***)
Oh, I know what you're talking about. I've know that. But that's kinda boring. Hahaha
you
What? yes yes you have to explain
I'm alpha.Hahaha...
Mafia, yeah.
Haha
I'll be Alpha.
Hmmm..... Mafia, but a little bit more complex
See guys, I don't know any game names. I- I know them based on their gameplay.
Like especially for roblox
i played it but i like
It is really cute, but I got kind of bored after the first week.
Hahaha.....It's really fun when you first get it but then after a while